Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu set to undergo a hernia
operation in hospital on Sunday night
while he's under anesthesia Deputy Prime
Minister y Fen is going to take on his
duties we're going to bring in Hut she's
in occupied East Jerusalem Forest
Netanyahu obviously has been at the
Forefront of the war in Gaza this is
perhaps a point at which he will be
taken out involuntarily of the the
situation because he will be fully
sedated I understand during
this
the Israeli Prime Minister's office
releasing a statement saying that during
a routine medical check doctors
discovered that the Israeli Prime
Minister had a hernia for which he will
undergo surgery on Sunday evening after
a meeting with Israel's war cabinet in
the meantime though Israel's Justice
Minister yariv lvin will step in in his
place it's not known for exactly how
long the Israeli Prime Minister will not
be present for additionally it comes on
the heels of demonstrations that are
expected outside of the Israeli knesset
not just tonight but over the next 3
days trying to protest against the
government calling for the Israeli Prime
Minister to be removed calling for new
elections and there's going to be a lot
of members of Israel's opposition who
are present including the opposition
leader himself yir Leed speaking out
against Netanyahu and his policies so a
lot unfolding within the Israeli
political landscape this Sunday um H
let's talk about these uh strikes that
have been happening at the AL AXA um
hospital and the tents that have been
housing displaced Palestinians and
journalists as well what's the Israeli
response to
that the Israeli Army releasing a
statement saying that after quote a
lengthy procedure there was a precise
and targeted attack on what they're
calling a Palestinian Islamic Jihad
Command Center in the AL AA Hospital
compound now as we've heard from sources
on the ground from our own journalists
at Al jazer there this was a tent for
journalists we know that two
Palestinians there were killed around a
dozen others who are injured and among
them are journalists the Israeli
military has routinely
accused Palestinians of being members of
either Hamas or Palestinian Islamic jiad
specifically journalists and carried out
attacks on them this is not the first
time we've seen this from the Israeli
Army and often times when they say they
have this sort of intelligence about
command centers we've never seen that
and in this incident specifically they
said that there was the Palestinian
Islamic Jihad Command Center and
operatives in this tent but what we're
hearing from journalists and sources on
the ground is that that was not the case
h thank you very much indeed ham talking
to us from Tel Aviv there